The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
Too bad I had paid an extra $2 for the stone bowl.
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
The food was bland oily.
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
No thanks!!!
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else.
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner.
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
"A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of "" table turnover"", as whacked as it is, or else."
The stuff tilapia was horrid...tasted like cardboard.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Expensive
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
Would NEVER go back there.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
But the service is HORRID!
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us.
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
wont come back again for sure!
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
His response was smug, arrogant, and condescending, totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening.
Not worth it.
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy, or any other for that matter, is beyond me.
But $1 for each small piece???
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish, the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables (minus sauce, seasoning, or any form or aesthetic presentation).
You should pass on the calamari.
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
This place is not worth the prices.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
"She replied ""well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now, since you are a larger party, and it might get crowded."" "
"I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, ""can I help you"" and ""how many are in your party."""
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
Never again!
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
The food here was mediocre at best. 
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
Polite acknowledgement is out;
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality.
Again, I'd be super upset if that were my employee.
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
Probably would not go back here.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
We were less than impressed.
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
the turkey burgers are scary!
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
Probably would not go again...
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.
Would NEVER go back
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
Mazing interior.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
would NOT go back.
Wretched and retching
skip dessert.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
On our last visit, they skipped over our name on the list, leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
"Guess what, I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did, she says, ""oh well, I wish you would have said something earlier"" No apology, nothing."
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
Way below average
Fish was overdone.
Priced at upper intermediate range.
please don't fool us.
This place has totally weird decor, stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional...
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
Gross food – Wow-
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
For instance, plates were just dumped on the table, I was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 
However, our $14 drinks were were horrible!
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
The chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (I have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the Chilli Chicken.
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
Eat at your own risk.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
This place is pricey, and yes, the food is worth it; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price.
Pizza was a little soggy.
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
The frizzy retro girl (with winged/ Dame Edna glasses) will yell at you if you try to order a drink. 
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
More Williamsburg Garbage
So rude!!!
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
I can't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either, we went with Brahma. 
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys (a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup) who always seem disappointed with their tips.
Terrible would be a compliment!
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
Not impressed with the food.
We left, never to return.
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Wasn't going to share but I feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane.
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
Overpriced and not tasty 
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
The only downside... they only take cash which is OK if you know about it ahead of time.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.
I don't think I would go again.
Just not good at all.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
Will never be back.
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price (just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $25), which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place doesn't have an upscale feel.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
Murray won't do it.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
We paid and left because we didn't feel like arguing any more.
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
It was served with skin, over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes.
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
The service is awful.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka.. some of which we never received!
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
It just wasn't Thai.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
You would think they would make up for it with service, sadly, no.
But too far east!
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.
None was made so i hung up.
This place doesn't make any sense
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
I will NEVER return.
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
We asked for beverages and never received them.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
bad staff
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
The sushi was awful!
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
At this point, the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay, I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and didn't say anything, and guess what, the waitress WALKED away.
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
A big disappointment, all around.
But, they were too big for the bun.
Avoid this place!
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
But $500 for a dinner for two that didn't include Wine?
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean.
They charge different prices all the time.
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes.
And I hate to say this but I doubt I'll ever go back. 
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
"The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the ""free"" appetizer of olives was disappointing."
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention.
A real dissapointment.
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.
Not cheap but very yummy.
Was surprisingly disappointed.
"I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she ""had a BBQ to go to"" that night - WTF??"
We were then shooed inside.
The food now is inconsistent.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
Unhygienic
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
The counter service is bad.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
"Service not the friendliest to our ""large party""! "
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
She just nodded and walked off.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
This place is incredibly tiny.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
This is where it really really gets bad: the manager said, there is absolutely nothing we can do, it's a matter of taste that she didn't like it, and I cannot comp it.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect, which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me, i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water, or the check.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
"There's another girl who I can't describe, she is about 5'6"" with brown hair, who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said, so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you're *really* talking about. "
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
Not enough wines by the glass either.
I've waited over one hour for food.
food was luke warm.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
Don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
Nevertheless, I finished my plate, and that's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
first it took us a long time to find the place.
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
Poor service and management
Overall, not worth the money.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
The food was actually aweful.
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour, but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food.
it is not consistent.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
I honestly don't even know where to begin.
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
Zero ambiance to boot.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it.
Don't go with a larger group than 4! 
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives, the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
We were very disappointed.
This place survives on reputation alone.
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Not a great place for family or general dining.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
On that scale, it's a world-beater.
It is expensive but well worth the money.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
"Maitre-D-""Eat and get out"""
We were charged full price.
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
"I believe there were 2 shrimp in the ""salt encrusted shrimp"" appetizer. "
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
Never got an explanation as to what was going on.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart.
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting, without it trying to be that.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
supercilious scorn is in.
The waitress was not attentive at all.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
Service is not what you are coming here for...
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order.
The bar drinks were Eh, ok to say the least.
However, once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair, (sometimes you have to settle when it's your only option), I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting, slimy, clearly bad piece of fish skin.
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
$170 down the toilet...
but the service was a bit slow.
I do not recommend.
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
I was speechless by the horrible food.
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
We thought the dessert would be better, Wrong!
If you are going for the food, it will not be worth it.
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels!..
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 
No plans to return anytime soon.
Maggot in the food!
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
Dessert: pure disaster.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
Then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 
Drinks way over priced.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
Great find in the West Village!
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
the bestt!
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
I have been going back again and again.
I am happy i did the food was awsome.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
I love this place
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
Loved it!
This restaurant was recommended by a local...as a matter of fact, he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed!
The food is good, I can't lie.
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...
The place is beautiful!
I recommend this place to everyone.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
Good for dates or with friends.
Favorite Sushi in NYC
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time, the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed.
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
and you can't beat the prices.
It is terrific, as is the value.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
What a great place!
Our food was great too!
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
The food tasted very good.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
The menu has so many fish items and oysters.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
Service was quick.
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date.
Nice value.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
I had a great experience.
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it.
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
Cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.
JUST AWSOME.
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out!!!!
Highly recommended!
It's to die for!
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
Try it!
Fish is so very fresh.
Also very inexpensive.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!
Love it.
keep up the good work.
I showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.
What more can you ask for?
Loved It
Most importantly, food is excellent.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
It was well worth the wait.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
Oh, and there's hookah.
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
I paid just about $60 for a good meal, though :)
A pleasant surprise.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
The menu looked great, and the waiter was very nice, but when the food came, it was average.
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced.
I would highly recommend.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
The DJ is awesome, I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back.
The food is amazing... especially if you get the Chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.
Everything was going good until we got our meals.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
The food was excellent as well as service, however, I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed.
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE!
Great vibe, lots of people.
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
And where does Patis go wrong; no where. 
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
It is so romantic.
go here for the drinks!
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
Still we keep going back :)
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
I pray it stays open forever.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
Service- friendly and attentive.
Very, very nice
Good food.
I don’t usually visit the same establishment more than once, what more twice, but I’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet, unhurried and memorable dinner.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
The food was good.
Great Shabu Shabu
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
Bison was quite excellent however.
Prices are very good.
One of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Park Slope (and NY in general)
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.
even the wine by the glass was good.
Nice for one time special occasion.
A classic!
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
The sushi is amazing!!! 
Great Indian food
The food is excellent! 
You cannot go wrong with this place.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
You will not be disapointed at all.
A guaranteeed delight!
Very good wine choices.
great food
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
It’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘excuse me’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
Great sake!
love the food.
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal.
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot, once you enter the unmarked wooden doors, the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you’re no longer in the city.
but overall i give it a 10
Unique apppetizers.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
My husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
I will be going back very soon.
Remind me of home.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City, not just Brooklyn...
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
The price very reasonable.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
Decor is charming.
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
Best. Sushi. Ever.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.
This place is great.
It's a small cute restaurant.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
cirspy crust margherita pizza
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
Great Atmosphere
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.
The prices are wonderfully low.
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ...)
This place has great indian chinese food.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
Pizza here is consistently good.
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.
Quite simply it's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
great hot dogs..
Go here.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had!
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
Quick and friendly service.
I'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
Fantastic place.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
The food is good.
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
Staff is very accomodating.
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
Once you try it for a special occasion beware.. you can't stop!
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
This is one of my favorite spot, very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
I can't wait to go back.
All the staff is absolutely professional!! 
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
The bagel was huge.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
Give it a try and enjoy.
We didn't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough. 
We all felt it was worth it.
Hats off to the chef.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
Highly recommend it!
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.
Overall I would recommend it and go back again.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
The food was exceptional.
You'll be ther for every anniversary, birthday, valentines day...
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks...  
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
The design of the space is good.
I absolutely Loved this place.
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
The hostess was very pleasant.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.
Over 100 different choices to create your own.
It hits the spot every time
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
I would highly recommend this place!
An excellent service
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
fine dining restaurant quality.
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right.
Fresh, mind blowing flavors.
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
I'd definitely go back again.
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
The staff is no nonsense.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
SO GOOD
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit.
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
All in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it.
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much.
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too...
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
Indo Chinese food, pretty good...
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
I was pleasantly suprised.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.
I've enjoyed 99% of the dishes we've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish (I'm a daring eater but not THAT daring).
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
the salads are delicious, both refreshing and very spicy.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
Creative, consistent, fresh.
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
And amazingly cheap.
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
The omlette for brunch is great...
At first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.
The crust has a great bite and a good chew, the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it, the salt from the cheese is great, really heightens the flavor of all the other components.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
What more could you want?
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
Go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
I would highly recommend it.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
Always busy but fast moving.
Planet Thai is great!
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
I recommend it!
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
You can't go wrong here.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.
it was really good pizza.
What a great place.
The sake’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
The staff is very good.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
great taste
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
Amazing!
I heartily recommend.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
I'll be back for sure.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
I wasn't here for the pizza so I can't comment on that yet but what I had was very good.
Great neighborhood joint.
It's very spicy but not offensive.
The buffet had a nice selection.
Helpful service and average price per dish $10.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
The waiter was attentive.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
The service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.
Highly recommended to all!
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
If you’re planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
We will go back every time we are in the City.
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
Delicious, creative and fun.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
People are always friendly.
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you NAME it.
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi.
I had the best ravioli ever.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
My party had the BBE $29 fixe prix menu, which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake!
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get.
I love it.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
Delivery is fast too.
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride, and will make your tongue and belly very happy!
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
Great pizza for lunch place.
Amazing food.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
We had a good time.
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
THe perfect spot.
Service is top notch.
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
The entree was also very good.
All in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!
We will be back.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future.
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace.
We were very pleasantly surprised.
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like 'that' couple.
Taxan delicious!
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
Subtle food and service
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.
Great Hot Dogs!
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window.
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
I love it.
Service was also very good.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
The setting is casual and romantic.
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
It is simply amazing.
The lamb was tender so full of flavor, the dessert was divine!!
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
we love th pink pony.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
Place is open till late, no dress code.
The veal was incredible last night.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly, but I can say this is one of the best I've had.
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York.
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
However, our main course was wonderful.
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place!
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
I will be back!
This place is a must visit!
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
Authentic Pakistani food.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The filet mignon dish was superb!
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
Raymond the bartender rocks!
Love YUKA.
The family seafood entree was very good.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.
I was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
Great sushi experience.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
I go twice a month!
highly recommended.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
The food is great and the environment is even better.
I really liked this place.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.
We had a very nice time.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
The lox is always fresh too.
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate, location wise.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 
But they do.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Big thumbs up!
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
Try green curry with vegetables.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
Great survice
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese....both very tasty.
Cute and decorative.
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
Food is great.
Super YUMMY Pizza!
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
I highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
A must try!
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
The flavors robust and subtle.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
Highly recommended!
The atmosphere was great.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Great food, great prices, great service.
Keep up the good work guys!
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
Service was prompt and courteous.
Great food!
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
Can't wait to go back.
The food was good too.
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
The service was quick and friendly.
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
The best!
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
You can't go wrong with this place.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
Good creative rolls!
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
If we were to move from the upper east side, we would genuinely miss this restaurant.
It was pretty inexpensive too.
Great Indian Food!
Good Food
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.
Can't wait to go back.
The place was quiet and delightful.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.
We recently decided to try this location, and to our delight, they have outdoor seating, perfect since I had my yorkie with me.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience!)
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you haven't seen in a while.
This was a great surprise.
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
The fish was really,really fresh.
Loved it
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
There are no negatives to speak of.
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!
Faan is sooo good.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
Definately check it out!!!
If you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
Patsy's Pizza = true love
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.
It's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!! 
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
I'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.
The food options rule.
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
I look forward to eating here again
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
Run don't walk.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
short and sweet – seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
Kind, attentive wait staff.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
Best meal in a long time!
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
The appetizers are also delicious!
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
The wine list is also really nice.
Fantastic!
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
the food is always fresh ...
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
I'm going back.
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
The location is perfect.
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
I loved it and would go again.
I loved this place!!
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
This place is a great bargain.
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing!
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
it's delicious!
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
awesome
Just straight up cheap, good food.
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for!
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
We'd go back again
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
My fav was the sassy lassi...
Service is fast and friendly.
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
I come here enjoy very much with husband.
The pizza was great.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
Try sushimi cucumber roll.
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
Food is great and inexpensive.
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
Wonderful at holiday time.
The food's as good as ever.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
I LOVE their Thai
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
not only is the food
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
Everyone must come here at least once.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Great food.
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
Personally I like the margherita pizza better, but they are all good.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
One of the BEST
AMAZING MY FAVORITE!!!
I didn't complain, I liked the atmosphere so much.
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;
I will definetly be going back.
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly – yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just can’t say enough good things about this brasserie.
Very cozy and warm inside.....
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
I highly recommend it.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
It is also extremely well priced.
The wine list is excellent.
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
I go out to eat and like my courses, servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
I will go back to Suan soon!
Love Al Di La
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
But for the Shabu Shabu, you won't find much better in NY.
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
Thank You Emilio.
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
I have never had cheescake like this.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
Got a date? Go here!
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie (that don’t serve sushi), and in my opinion, one of the most romantic restaurants in the city!
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
Love Pizza 33..
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
Great place, great value.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
Good Experience
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
The pizza was pretty good and huge.
Tasty Dog!
I generally like this place.
It was wonderful.
if you're daring, try the balsamic vinegar over icecream, it's wonderful!
The food is great.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Beautiful experience.
Look, the appetizers were really good.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
Food is excellent.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
For a Fabulous Wedding!
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
Excellent food for great prices
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
my favorite place lol
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
We will definitely go back.
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
Never fails to please.
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
I absolutely love this place!!!
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
Go hungry and enjoy.
Over all it was a very nice romantic place .
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
We will be back.
Good, fast service.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
"Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. ""INDIAN SPICE RAVE"""
Very pleased
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
Service was wonderful;
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
(that is A MUST, but not every restaurant can do...) 
Always great service!
This establishment is the real deal. 
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
And really large portions.
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff don't put you off – 
It's all about the food !!
My six year old loved it.
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.
An awesome organic dog, and a conscious eco friendly establishment.
The Dancing, White River and Millenium rolls are musts.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
Great staff.
Check out the secret back room.
The place is a lot of fun.
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening.
The staff offers impeccable service.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
MMmmm... it was delicious.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
They all know you.
The main entree was also very good.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!
The food was authentic.
